Migration docs (#935)
ionic-team/stencil-site: src/docs/introduction/upgrading-to-stencil-three.md

| `onCompositionEnd`           | `onCompositionend`           |
| `onCompositionEndCapture`    | `onCompositionendCapture`    |
| `onCompositionStart`         | `onCompositionstart`         |
| `onCompositionStartCapture`  | `onCompositionstartCapture`  |
| `onCompositionUpdate`        | `onCompositionupdate`        |
| `onCompositionUpdateCapture` | `onCompositionupdateCapture` |

## Output Targets

### `dist-custom-elements` Output Target
#### Add `customElementsExportBehavior` to Control Export Behavior
`customElementsExportBehavior` is a new configuration option for the output target.
It allows users to configure the export behavior of components that are compiled using the output target.
By default, this output target will behave exactly as it did in Stencil v2.0.0.

This config option provides additional behaviors that will alter the default component export OR custom element definition behaviors
for this target. The desired behavior can be set via the following in a project's Stencil config:

```ts
// stencil.config.ts
import { Config } from '@stencil/core';
export const config: Config = {
  outputTargets: [
    {
      type: 'dist-custom-elements',

>       customElementsExportBehavior: 'default' | 'single-export-module',

Reviewer: We're missing some options here:
```suggestion
      customElementsExportBehavior: 'default' | 'auto-define-custom-elements' | 'bundle' | 'single-export-module',
```

Reviewer 2: Ah, good catch. That's on me, grabbed the docs from an earlier commit

    },
    // ...
  ],
  // ...
};
```

| Option                 | Description                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 |
| ---------------------- |-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

> | `default`              | No additional re-export or auto-definition behavior will be performed.<br><br>This value will be used if no explicit value is set in the config, or if a given value is not a valid option.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 |
> | `single-export-module` | All component and custom element definition helper functions will be exported from the `index.js` file in the output directory (see [Defining Exported Custom Elements](/docs/custom-elements#defining-exported-custom-elements) for more information on this file's purpose). This file can be used as the root module when distributing your component library, see [Distributing Custom Elements](/docs/custom-elements#distributing-custom-elements) for more details. |

Reviewer: We'll need to update this to account for the missing options too:
```suggestion
| `default`                     | No additional re-export or auto-definition behavior will be performed.<br><br>This value will be used if no explicit value is set in the config, or if a given value is not a valid option.                                                                                                                                                                                                               |
| `auto-define-custom-elements` | A component and its children will be automatically defined with the `CustomElementRegistry` when the component's module is imported.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      |
| `bundle`                      | A utility `defineCustomElements()` function is exported from the `index.js` file of the output directory. This function can be used to quickly define all Stencil components in a project on the custom elements registry.                                                                                                                                                                                 |
| `single-export-module`        | All component and custom element definition helper functions will be exported from the `index.js` file in the output directory (see [Defining Exported Custom Elements](#defining-exported-custom-elements) for more information on this file's purpose). This file can be used as the root module when distributing your component library, see [below](#distributing-custom-elements) for more details. |
```

Reviewer: Or were you omitting those options because they're covered separately below?

Reviewer 2: Nope, better they all be here for now
